title: "大学英语4口语考试"
date: 2013-06-14 19:57:11
tags:
---

PPT：[http://bluetom.sinaapp.com/photography/Eng.html](http://bluetom.sinaapp.com/photography/Eng.html)

GuidanceL: Wow! It’s a really beautiful flower,we can see dewdrop on the Petal!F: Yeah! It’s so beautiful; I think the person who takes this picture must be very excellent!L: You just see the picture that is very beautiful but you don't see how difficultly they get it,look like this!F: Oh, maybe many things are not as the imagination of most of us.L: Yeah.And today we will share the Photography Basics with you.In the photography. We have the most important 3 points.

EXPOSURE,Depth of field and Composition.The first,If u want to take a good photo,u must have a correct exposure.EXPOSURE have 3 Elements. ExposureTime,,F-Number(F) and ISOSpeedRatings(ISO)Those decide ur exposure. CORRECT EXPOSURE just like a cup filled with water.	Aperture like size of the tap,when you open the big tap,u can soon take the full water,u will get a correct exposure photo	EXPOSURETIME like how long open the tap.when u got the water long time,u will take a full water in the cup.i will share 2 Creative photography pictures by controling exposuretime.that is a Shine sports car.How it is produced?We just need Slow Shutter.we need one person to draw the shape of car by lamp.and the most important thing is we need to choose the long exposuretime.That is very simple Is it right? then Fast Shutter,in a similar way,We choose the very short exposuretime ,and take a photo to Floating in the air at the moment	ISO like size of the cup,when u choose the small cup,u will take full water in cup.but when you choose the larger iso number,the photo quality get worse.Because the camera have power loss.	And the second,DEPTH OF FIELD,	it have 3 Elements,Focal Length,Shooting distance and F-Number	the F-number is most important for us,so i just talk about Aperture for depth of field effect	when you choose the big F-number,In front of the scenery get very clear	Behind the scenes get very Fuzzy,we can use larger F-number to express what we want say	just like this beautful girl 章泽天。We just need to see her。we dont need to see other thing	if u want take a photo in the moutain or Forest,we can choose the small Aperture.

Composition Photography can't do without composition, it is just like that writing can't do without art; it is the key to the success!  1\. First, center composition, it is the most widely used, both the landscape or portrait characterization are suitable. Like this girl in the picture who named Nan sheng Girl. We can quickly see that she is beautiful. The advantage of center composition is that can make people's sight quickly focus on the body.  2\. Second, golden composition.En...this picture, she is so sexy, isn’t she? Why men love AV, there is great merit of AV photography .Look at this, the picture is divided according to the golden section. There is four point and the woman's chest is on the point 2 and her knee is on the point 4.They just show us how sexy the woman is, the sexy chest and the sexy legs, it all give us a sense of beauty and charm!  3\. Next, it is diagonal composition. Like this picture, the leaves grow along the diagonal line.it can give us a sense of extended. It can make the picture look full of vitality.  4\. S-Composition, it is beautiful and rhythmic changes to make the picture softer. And S curve is very beautiful for woman; it let the figures of person become more abundant.  5\. Triangular composition, triangle is a kind of stable structure, so it can give people a sense of stable, balanced but do not lose flexibility.  6\. The last is framework composition, it give us a strong sense of form. Selecting a right frame is so important that it can achieve a piece of photographic works, also can destroy a piece of photographic works. There is a strong sense of space and visual impact in this picture because of the selection of frame.  In practice, a successful photographic works of art is the first composition success, so we must know the composition has a vital position in the photography!

EndingF: Now I have known many things about how to take beautiful pictures, perhaps I just lack of a good camera.L: It’s not right! If you can pay more attention to things around you and come up a good idea, you can still get beautiful picture.F: Oh, I see. No matter what I have is iPhone or SLR camera; the most important is not what I use, but how I use.L: Yeah, remember this and we all can get the pictures which we satisfy!F&amp;L: Thanks a lot!

&nbsp;